Discourage rebalance, warn against stopping it (#1298)
minio/docs: source/operations/concepts.rst

How do I manage object distribution across a MinIO deployment?
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

MinIO optimizes storage of objects across available pools by writing new objects (that is, objects with no existing versions) to the server pool with the most free space compared to the total amount of free space on all available server pools.
MinIO does not perform the costly action of rebalancing objects from older pools to newer pools.
Instead, new objects typically route to the new pool as it has the most free space.

As the new pool fills, write operations eventually balance out across all pools in the deployment.
Until then, the new pool's nodes may experience higher loads and slower writes.

To reduce this temporary performance impact, MinIO recommends expanding a deployment well before its existing pools are near capacity and with new pools of a similar size.

> For more information on write preference calculation logic, see :ref:`Writing Files <minio-writing-files>`.

Author: Accurate? Sufficient?

Other mentions of pool sizing link to this section

Rebalancing data across all pools after an expansion is an expensive operation that requires scanning the entire deployment and moving objects between pools.
This may take a long time to complete depending on the amount of data to move.

> MinIO does not recommend manual rebalancing.

Reviewer: Can we remove the recommendation text?

Author: @kannappanr you mean we should say it's ok to manually rebalance?

Reviewer 2: Should we instead use a cautionary statement of using only with consultation with MinIO Engineering?
The ask we had for this PR was specifically to discourage use of this feature.

Reviewer 3: Correct we have made a release already, and the fixes are also in the EOS binaries so to some extent we have addressed this already. 

We should perhaps talk about a more broader tone that rebalance is not a real requirement if you size your pools properly.

Reviewer 3: Basically discourage budget setups

Reviewer 3: don't expand in this manner 

first pool 

- 100 nodes which is now 90% used

you botched buying hardware now you just expand by 20 nodes

- 20 nodes is second pool 

This 20 nodes will take all the I/O hit causing significant slowness, the sizing must be appropriate to the load that 100 node was handling. if 20 can handle and its a new hardware no problem but if its not then it is going to cause outage etc.

A cautionary guidance on why rebalance don't solve the problem of high utilization the second pool.  IT may look like that but it won't solve the problem.

> If required, you can manually initiate a rebalancing operation across all server pools using :mc:`mc admin rebalance`. 

Reviewer 2: Maybe
```suggestion
If absolutely necessary, you can manually initiate a rebalancing operation across all server pools using :mc:`mc admin rebalance`. 
```

Reviewer 2: Maybe even
```suggestion
For extreme situations, MinIO provides a command to :mc:`manually start a rebalance operation <mc admin rebalance>`. 
```

With this, they have to take the extra effort of clicking through to even find what the command is.

Author: By request, leaving text as the less scary version. (See other comments.)
